we are a real
recognizable only as deja vu will occur
I'd hear dismissed just as quickly we
are the best kept secret in the galaxy I
want in 20 years ago you erased my
parents memories but you didn't get mine
we don't hire we recruit then I'd like
to be recruited one another truth of the
universe Souta welcome to the men in
black
the men in black goat don't start
I'm working on it we have a problem in
London
[Music]
hmm welcome to my B you move it lady cop
dog walking throat you will be with
Asian teams come on well it's not gonna
save itself I'm driving that really
should be here
the hive is a deadly species that can
take the form of anyone even our own
agents I haven't seen that before we
need more firepower he's pointed to bad
guys and pull the trigger all the men
and women
[Music]
sometimes you have to trust your gut
baby Joey I thought that we were here
step on it would you Freddie you go to H
even of who you're dealing with
we protect the earth and everyone and
everything goes
that was awesome we the men in black
are you suggesting that we try the most
powerful working in the galaxy for fun
yeah
maybe turn it up a few notches
[Music]
you